Add conceptual diagram and description to residual maternal disorders cause model doc (#1794)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/models/causes/maternal_disorders/gbd_2021_mncnh/residual_maternal_disorders.rst

    :widths: 7 20
    :header-rows: 1

    * - State
      - Definition
    * - full term pregnancy, post intrapartum
      - Parent simulant has a full term pregnancy as determined by the
        :ref:`pregnancy model
        <other_models_pregnancy_closed_cohort_mncnh>`, **and** has
        already been through the antenatal and intrapartum models
    * - assign YLDs due to residual maternal disorders
      - state in which YLDs due to residual maternal disorders are accrued
    * - parent did not die of residual maternal disorders
      - Parent simulant did not die of residual maternal disorders
    * - parent died of residual maternal disorders
      - Parent simulant died of residual maternal disorders
    * - full term birth
      - The parent simulant has given birth to a child simulant (which
        may be a live birth or a still birth, to be determined in the
        next step of the :ref:`pregnancy model
        <other_models_pregnancy_closed_cohort_mncnh>`)
    * - fr (fatality rate)
      - The rate of death due to residual maternal disorders among all pregnancies with full term outcomes (live or still births) 

> While the above diagram represents the conceptual aims of the residual maternal disorders cause model, there are some convenient adjustments we can make to this diagram so that it continues to achieve the aims of our cause model while also achieving compatibility with the existing implementation of the `MaternalDisorders component <http://github.com/ihmeuw/vivarium_gates_mncnh/blob/main/src/vivarium_gates_mncnh/components/maternal_disorders.py>`_ used in the MNCNH simulation that has been used to model other maternal disorders subcauses such as :ref:`maternal sepsis <2021_cause_maternal_sepsis_mncnh>`. Specifically, although our modeling strategy for maternal disorders does not involve modeling incident cases, we can implement :code:`MaternalDisorders` component model as represented in the diagram below with an incidence risk (ir) value equal to 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the above diagram represents the conceptual aims of the residual maternal disorders cause model, there are some convenient adjustments we can make to this diagram so that it continues to achieve the aims of our cause model while also achieving compatibility with the existing implementation of the `MaternalDisorder component <http://github.com/ihmeuw/vivarium_gates_mncnh/blob/main/src/vivarium_gates_mncnh/components/maternal_disorders.py>`_ used in the MNCNH simulation that has been used to model other maternal disorders subcauses such as :ref:`maternal sepsis <2021_cause_maternal_sepsis_mncnh>`. Specifically, although our modeling strategy for maternal disorders does not involve modeling incident cases, we can implement a :code:`MaternalDisorder` component model as represented in the diagram below with an incidence risk (ir) value equal to 1.
```
